replace `...` by `**` to clarifiy any depth capability of the endpoint (#9)
stac-api-extensions/children: README.md

Catalogs and Collections. This can be used to create arbitrarily complex hierarchies similar to
[static STAC catalogs](https://github.com/radiantearth/stac-spec). If APIs implement such behavior,
it often also implements the [Browsable Extension](https://github.com/stac-api-extensions/browseable).
The drawback of static catalogs is, that catalogs have to be traversed and a lot of requests for the
children have to be executed.

This STAC API extension specifies an endpoint that returns a list of all children Catalogs and Collections

> that are referenced by the relation type `child` within a parent Catalog or Collection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that are referenced by the relation type `child` within the corresponding Catalog or Collection that links to the endpoint.
```

Isn't that misleading? If you have a Catalog that has rel=child, then the parent Catalog is one level up....

For this, it contains a link with relation type `children` which points to an endpoint `**/children`

> relative to the location of the parent containing them. The parent Catalog or Collection can at any depth.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
relative to the location of the parent containing them. The Catalog or Collection can be provided at any level of the STAC catalog hierarchy.
```

Isn't that misleading? If you have a Catalog that has rel=child, then the parent Catalog is one level up....
Also, the last sentence seems to be incomplete?

Author: As long as the links are relative to the appropriate parent, I think it makes senses.
The rewording is ok.
